abstract = {Online communication platforms like Slack and Microsoft teams have become increasingly crucial for a digitized workplace to improve business efficiency and growth. However, these chat platforms can overwhelm the users with unstructured long streams of back and forth discussions scattered in various places. Thus, discussions become challenging to follow, leading to an increased likelihood of missing valuable information. Moreover, with the unsatisfying keyword-based chat search, users spend a significant amount of time to read, digest, and recall information from the conversations at the cost of productivity. In this paper, we present Vertext, an end-to-end AI system that ingests user conversations and automatically extracts information such as announcements, task assignments, and conversation summary. Moreover, Vertext gives a unique search experience to the users by providing search results along with their context, with an improved performance enabled by semantic search. For the ease of user interaction, all the information is consolidated on a single dashboard provided by Vertext.}, 
abstract = {The rise of the Maker movement has led to a growing number of developers who prototype and program embedded systems. When programming, these developers often rely on support from various resources-including other developers. However, other developers may not always be available to provide support in person, and existing technologies for online help, such as voice chat or Q&amp;A forms, face the fundamental limitation of inspecting and manipulating developers' circuit boards. As a result, remote helpers can only provide suggestions or guidance, rather than contributing via physical changes made to the devices. And only end-user developers have the ability to carry out&nbsp;the planned tasks. In this paper, we demonstrate WireOn, a programming support research prototype that allows remote helpers to directly perform tasks on end-user developers' circuit board by teleoperating a robot arm. The helpers can control the robot arm via a web user interface to perform simple tasks such as pick-and-place the electronic components, visually inspect the physical artifacts in real time, and also review the code that the end-user sent over to them. The new system has the potential to enable more efficient remote collaboration on embedded system development. (https://youtu.be/uggyxHAlLDQ)}, 
abstract = {While mobile instant messaging (MIM) facilitates ubiquitous interpersonal communication, its constant connectivity could build the expectation of an immediate response to messages, and its notifications flood could cause interruptions at inopportune moments. We demonstrate MyButler, an Android app prototype that instantiates two design concepts for MIM---private status sharing and sender-controlled notifications---that aim to lower the pressure for an immediate reply and reduce unnecessary interruptions by untimely notifications. Private status sharing reactively reveals a customized status with a selected partner(s) only when the partner has sent a message. Sender-controlled notifications give senders the control of choosing whether to send a notification for their own messages.}, 
abstract = {Conversation designers use iterative design to create, test, and improve conversation flows. While it is possible to iterate conversation design with existing chatbot prototyping tools, challenges remain such as recruiting participants and collecting structured feedback on specific conversational components, hindering rapid iterations, and making informed design decisions. To address these limitations, we introduce ProtoChat, a crowd-powered design tool built to support the iterative process of conversation design for a chatbot. ProtoChat enables rapid testing with the crowd and guiding the crowd workers to provide granular feedback on specific points of conversation.}, 
abstract = {Nudges are increasingly adopted by governments to promote social welfare, but there is an open debate on the ethics of nudges and their application in highly contested domains. We present a tool for nudging citizens? democratic engagement with political election debates. Democratic Reflection is a moment-by-moment second screen interaction technology for capturing audience feedback to time-based stimuli like speeches, TV debates, or video replays. While viewing the stimuli, users select from a matrix of icons, each describing a reflective nudge and instant audience reaction. Initial insights from the applications of this technology in the 2015, 2017 and 2019 UK elections, suggest that the reflective nudges enabled by Democratic Reflection can promote active engagement with politics, and may increase the willingness of people to be involved in political processes in the future.}, 
abstract = {Family members who are separated across time zones can easily miss out on feeling connected. We designed and studied the usage of an asynchronous storytelling system, called FamilyStories, to explore the use of audio-based sharing. FamilyStories allows family members to share activities and experiences over distance in different time zones using three different devices that contain different record, share, and playback audio stories over distance.}, 
abstract = {Despite the lack of inclusive participation from attendees and civic organizers struggle to capture their feedback in reports, local governments continue to depend on traditional methods such as town halls for community consultation. We present CommunityClick, a community-sourcing system that uses modified iClickers to enable silent attendees' to provide real-time feedback and records meeting audio to capture vocal attendees' feedback. These feedbacks are combined to generate an augmented meeting transcript and feedback-weighted summary, incorporated into an interactive tool for organizers to author reports. Our field deployment at a town hall and interviews with 8 organizers demonstrate CommunityClick's utility in improving inclusivity and authoring more comprehensive reports.}, 
abstract = {YouTube is one of the most popular video sharing platforms that hosts many video tutorials which aim to teach concepts of various programming languages. Most of these tutorials include code snippets in the videos. However, it is important that the learners have hands-on experience while learning various programming concepts. Providing a code editor along with the video tutorial could help learners get a better learning experience, as they have a scope to learn by practice. Existing solutions of accompanying video tutorials with code editors are either pre-programmed or require a separate web portal. We are not aware of any solutions in the current literature that aim to support Youtube video tutorials. Hence, we present YTCoder in this paper that aims to improve the learning experience by integrating videos related to various programming languages with the development environments of the respective programming languages. Demonstration of YTCoder can be found here - https://youtu.be/iONtO7cuQwo.}, 
abstract = {Urban residents often use public transit to travel throughout the city yet find it difficult to learn about events in one's neighborhood. Transit rides can also be isolating and routine, despite seeing the same people regularly. As a result, there are opportunities to connect with others on the same route. While digital technologies such as community systems, social media, and public displays have been studied to understand how people engage with each other in their community, little is known about the challenges people face when searching for local information while commuting. Our research explores how one form of technology, location-based games (LBGs), supports urban commuters in digital placemaking. We present a prototype of an LBG, City Explorer, that allows riders to maintain an awareness of location-specific events and to support the sharing of community information. City Explorer is designed for public transit riders in a metropolitan city to collaborate with other riders, supporting community awareness, and facilitating discussions related to places on their transit route.}, 
abstract = {This demo presents TickTalkTurk, a tool that can assist task requesters in quickly deploying crowdsourcing tasks in a customizable conversational worker interface. The conversational worker interface can convey task instructions, deploy microtasks, and gather worker input in a dialogue-based workflow. The interface is implemented as a Web-based application, which makes it compatible with popular crowdsourcing platforms. The tool we developed is demonstrated through two microtask crowdsourcing examples with different task types. Results reveal that our conversational worker interface is capable of better engaging workers and analyzing workers performance.}, 
abstract = {In many instances of online collaboration, ideation and deliberation about what to write happen separately from the synthesis of the deliberation into a cohesive document. However, this may result in a final document that has little connection to the discussion that came before. In this work, we present interleaved discussion and summarization, a process where discussion and summarization are woven together in a single space, and collaborators can switch back and forth between discussing ideas and summarizing discussion until it results in a final document that incorporates and references all discussion points. We implement this process into a tool called Wikum+ that allows groups working together on a project to create living summaries-artifacts that can grow as new collaborators, ideas, and feedback arise and shrink as collaborators come to consensus. We conducted studies where groups of six people each collaboratively wrote a proposal using Wikum+ and a proposal using a messaging platform along with Google Docs.}, 
abstract = {During outbreaks of pandemics such as Covid-19, understanding the emotional state of citizens of a country could be of interest to various organizations to carry out tasks and to take necessary measures. Analyzing real time posts on twitter in India during Covid-19, could help in identifying the mood of the nation. However, most of the existing studies related to Covid-19, on twitter and other social media platforms are performed on data posted during a specific interval. We are not aware of any research that identifies emotional state of India on a daily basis. Hence, we present a web portal that aims to display mood of India during Covid-19, based on real time twitter data. As of 25 June 2020, the web portal has about 703618 tweets, and each of these tweets are classified into seven categories that include six basic emotions and a neutral category. Mood of India During Covid-19 portal can be accessed from here -https://moodofindia.herokuapp.com/ and demonstration video can be found here - https://youtu.be/2b0k_p1Hq9A.}, 
abstract = {People with visual impairments (PVIs) are adopting artificial intelligence (AI) and human intelligence (HI) based technologies in their daily lives to overcome their accessibility barriers. Such systems pose privacy and security risks for PVIs (as well as bystanders) because PVIs cannot review their photos before sharing with such services and inaccurate information can misinform PVIs and misrepresent bystanders. Through my doctoral research, I aim to create a privacy enhancing camera-based assistive system for people with visual impairments to address their privacy considerations. To inform designs for an effective, usable, and privacy-aware assistive system, I seek to gain an understanding of 1)~what privacy considerations PVIs have with camera based assistive technologies, and 2)~what factors should be considered to design privacy-aware assistive technologies.}, 
abstract = {Foster teens are some of the most vulnerable youth who are subject to serious online risks, such as sex trafficking. My 2017 IDC literature review paper highlighted the need to develop effective sociotechnical interventions to empower foster youth against becoming victims of sexual predation. To fill this gap, my dissertation is comprised of three studies that will investigate: 1) how foster parents mediate their teens? technology use in the home, 2) how foster youth experience sexual risks online, and 3) working with foster youth to co-design effective socio-technical interventions that can protect them from these online risks. My goal for this research is to understand, design, and develop sociotechnical systems that can help promote more teen-centric approaches to online safety and reduce the digital inequalities experienced by teens in foster care.}, 
abstract = {Is Wikipedia a standardized platform with a common model of collaboration or is it a set of 288 language editions with distinct collaborative models? In the last 20 years, researchers have analyzed group work that enables the creation of quality articles in the English Wikipedia but these intellectual assumptions are based on solely this anglo-centric perspective. In my work, I aim to understand how prior influential collaboration models from the English Wikipedia generalize across other language editions. At a broader perspective, the implications of this study help uncover the differences between language communities and how they can be supported.}, 
abstract = {Despite a great deal of attention to developing ethical mitigations for Machine Learning (ML) training data and models, we don't yet know how these interventions will be adopted by those who curate data and use them to train ML models. Will they help ML engineers find and address ethical concerns in their work? My proposed dissertation seeks to understand ML engineers? ethical sensitivity? their propensity to notice, analyze, and act on socially impactful aspects of their work-while curating training data and describe the effects of context documents and ethical guides as practice-based ethics interventions in this early stage of ML development. It asks how ML engineers recognize,particularize, and judge ethical questions while exploring new training data; introduces Ethical Sensitivity to the study of social computing; and will describe how Datasheets intervene in perception and particularization; and will develop a document that can help engineers move from particularization to judgment. It will accomplish these goals using a think aloud experiment with engineers working with unfamiliar training data (with or without a Datasheet), a Value Sensitive Design study that aims to fit an ethical mitigation guide to engineers? work practices, and a systematic review of ethical sensitivity.}, 
abstract = {In sub-Saharan Africa (SSA), domestic spaces face various challenges including insecurity, unreliable power supply and extreme weather conditions that affect poultry farming. The availability of low-cost sensors presents an opportunity to collect real-time data and utilize proactive methods to monitor these challenges. This dissertation builds on my prior studies to explore the role of sensor-based technologies to support domestic activities in this context. My research engages local technicians to design technology probes that support domestic security (M-Kulinda), power blackout monitoring (GridAlert) and poultry farming (NkhukuApp). I deployed M-Kulinda and GridAlert in Kenyan homes and I will deploy NkhukuApp in Malawian homes. This research contributes to HCI/CSCW by providing: empirical evidence about how sensors can be used in domestic spaces of this context; methodological contributions to technology probes by including local collaborators in their design process; and prototypes for supporting domestic activities in SSA.}, 
abstract = {Scholars who study hiring and inequality often focus on low-skill, low-wage labor markets. As inequality is driven by both marginalization and privilege, my dissertation complements prior studies by examining the hiring process of large technology companies (e.g., Google, Microsoft, and Facebook). Through a two-year mixed-methods study involving evaluators and applicants, my research illuminates whether and how social class background shapes evaluators? assessments and applicants? preparation and self-presentation strategies. In alignment with ongoing efforts to broaden participation in the technology industry, this study provides strategies for evaluators to enact inclusive hiring practices and ways for applicants to navigate the hiring process.}, 
abstract = {My work contributes to developing a comprehensive understanding of how people with vision impairments perform collaborative work with their sighted colleagues through the study of two diverse contexts - collaborative writing and collaborative making. Building on the insights gathered from my ethnographic field observations and interviews, I design, build and evaluate new systems to better support accessibility in groupwork. By critically reflecting on the ways in which accessibility is negotiated through interpersonal relations and organizational structures, my research informs the design of collaborative technology that can support interdependent, co-creative practices in ability-diverse teams.}, 
abstract = {Over the past decade, civil litigants in the U.S. have come to increasingly rely on machine learning (ML) systems to classify documents for discovery review and fact-finding, an approach now broadly referred to as Technology-Assisted Review (TAR). The transformation of legal discovery from a painstaking manual process to a sophisticated algorithm-driven methodology took place over a relatively short period of time, many years before controversies arose surrounding the use of automated risk assessment tools on the criminal side of the U.S. justice system. Introduced in 2008 to a handful of litigators in an experimental research setting hosted by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), TAR was first deployed live on an active litigation in 2012, and by 2015 a vocal and influential vanguard of judges was actively advocating for its use on cases involving large, complex document discovery. My research examines the cross-disciplinary experimentation and collaboration that took place across legal practitioners and computer scientists leading to ML becoming a judicially accepted solution in U.S. civil litigation practice. The aim of this research is to develop a comprehensive case study for how an expert professional field wrestled with the challenges of integrating ML into sensitive decision-making workflows. While deeply attentive to the unique and complex encounter between U.S. civil litigation practice and computer science, my work also aims to inform the practice of algorithmic system design, development, and governance across other high-stakes professional domains.}, 
abstract = {Formative experiences in human lives are often unpleasant. Yet social technologies today are designed to presume positive experiences; 'design for delight' is even a principle in user interface development. So when humans have negative life experiences like the loss of a loved one, which often include technology-related tasks, the designs of their technologies can exacerbate that negativity. It is these negative experiences---interactions that trigger negative affects related to human sadness or distress---that design and engineering can and must honor. My dissertation will frame death as a key example of a difficult life experience that often requires digital interactions and digital tasks, yet currently lacks adequate tools to facilitate compassionate and meaningful interactions in a digital context. Incorporating empirical work in human-computer interaction with roots in cultural anthropology, I propose a project that will examine the role of ritual in technologically mediated human interactions during times of grief. Through interviews, participant observation, and tech support, I will create ritual-based practices around postmortem data that will honor the experiences people have of the presence of the deceased within that data, while maintaining the necessary control or closure of accounts that may be preferred.}, 
abstract = {My research studies the economic inequity in the data economy, in which those who contribute data are not those who benefit from data financially. My prior work highlighted that dissatisfaction with data monetization is technology users? top motivation for stopping or changing use of a technology. Building upon this study and other scholarly and legislative efforts, my dissertation work will focus on addressing the lack of transparency about data's monetary value to both technology users and policymakers. I will assess the economic value of users? data and develop tools to make this value transparent, with the goal of supporting collective action and policymaking. Additionally, I expect my work to provide design recommendations for technologies that profit from user data to communicate data?s monetary value openly. Overall, I see my work as a step toward a more equitable data economy.}, 
abstract = {My research area lies at the intersection of stigma, technology, and HCI research methods. In the case of HIV, design of technology has focused on medication adherence and treatment management and less on exploring how people living with HIV can cope with HIV-related stigma more directly via the use of technology. Additionally, HCI research on HIV has relied on face-to-face studies. My dissertation work thus focuses on two aspects: (1) HCI research conducted remotely via the Internet; and (2) the design of technology that could help individuals cope with HIV-related stigma. My prior work has already explored the first aspect. At the moment, I am planning a study that would involve remote asynchronous and synchronous co-design workshops. There are several contributions of my dissertation work. First, it provides insights, lessons, and best practices to conduct HCI research with a stigmatized population remotely. Second, it explores the use of current technology to cope with public HIV-related stigma; and, third, it explores the speculative design of technology that could help people cope with HIV-related stigma more directly.}, 
abstract = {Elected representatives use a myriad of technologies to communicate with their constituencies. Yet growing evidence finds that these technologies often promote one-way promotional forms of communication that push citizens away from policymakers and their decision-making process. Using theories in deliberative and representative democracy, I designed a week-long, asynchronous, online forum where a Member of Congress and constituents could deliberate a single policy topic. For my dissertation, I am testing the relation between the use of the online forum and feelings of deliberation, policymaker trust, and political efficacy of citizens. The ultimate goal is to determine if these online platforms can empower citizens to effectively participate in the federal legislative process.}, 
abstract = {Exposure to information sources of different types and modalities, such as social media, movies, scholarly reports, and interactions with other communities and groups can change a person's values as well as their knowledge and attitude towards various social phenomena. My doctoral research aims to analyze the effect of these stimuli on people and groups by applying mixed-method approaches that include techniques from natural language processing, close reading, and machine learning. The research leverages different types of user-generated texts (i.e., social media and customer reviews), and professionally-generated texts (i.e., scholarly publications and organizational documents) to study (1) the impact of information that aims to advance social good for individuals and society, and (2) the impact of social and individual biases on people's language use. This work contributes to advancing knowledge, theory and computational solutions relevant to the field of computational social science. The approaches and insights discussed can provide a better understanding of people's attitudes and judgments toward issues and events of general interest, which is necessary to develop solutions for minimizing biases, filter bubbles, and polarization while also improving the effectiveness of interpersonal and societal discourse.}, 
abstract = {Assessing wellbeing can be complemented with social and ubiquitous technologies. This dissertation uses social media in concert with multimodal sensing focusing on situated communities. Before incorporating such assessments in practice, we need to account for confounds impacting behavior change. One such confound is 'observer effect', that individuals may self-alter their otherwise normal behavior because of the awareness of being 'monitored'. My proposed work studies this problem on social media behavior. On a multisensor study of 750 participants, I intend to conduct a causal study of modeling behavior change during study participation. This work will provide valuable insights and guide recommendations for correcting biases due to observer effect. This dissertation bears implications for social computing systems and stakeholders to support wellbeing and crisis intervention efforts in situated communities.}, 
abstract = {Functionality in remote instructional technologies, such as telepointing and remote annotation tools, were designed to support distributed collaboration on physical tasks. Unfortunately, these functionalities have introduced new challenges in effectively conveying instructions and knowledge. Challenges in the use of remote instructional technologies are important as they directly relate to the learning outcomes of training a worker for future real-world practice. My research emphasizes the systematic investigation of the socio-technical challenges in distributed collaboration and the benefits of training-the-trainer in how to effectively use functionality to convey knowledge to a local worker.}, 
abstract = {Activities of people, recorded via digital devices or online environments, offer increasingly comprehensive pictures of both individual and group-level behavior, potentially allowing inferences within and outside the platforms. These digital traces are often in the form of textual units such as tweets or Reddit posts or comments. Compared to solicited survey responses, social media posts are the organic, unsolicited thoughts of people on a variety of topics, and the language in these posts are a key to their attitudes, beliefs and values. Notwithstanding the many promises of digital traces, recent studies have begun to discuss the errors that can occur when digital traces are used to learn about social phenomena. In this thesis, I propose to first, diagnose and characterize issues in the measurement of people's attitudes at scale, and second, mitigate these errors through theory-driven solutions. To critically study and record errors and biases in using digital traces for measuring human behavior, we propose a systematic framework, named 'Total Error Framework for Digital Traces' (TED). TED is inspired by and adapted from the Total Survey Error Framework, developed and employed in survey methodology to assess the validity and reliability of survey-based studies. To mitigate errors unearthed by examining Computational Social Science through TED, we apply several domain specific solutions, such as using linguistic theories to understand people's attitudes. This thesis contributes in improving the reliability and validity of attitude measurement from digital traces.}, 
abstract = {As social media continue to become primary sources of information for users, it has become necessary to evaluate the impacts of the same. This study integrates the information foraging theory with the technostress paradigm to understand how finding and seeking information on four different social media platforms (Facebook, Snapchat, Twitter and Instagram) can affect technostress and well-being outcomes in users. The study also looks to understand how well-being outcomes might ultimately influence users' continued usage of these social media platforms, providing implications for both theory and praxis}, 
abstract = {Emerging "decentralized," peer-to-peer, and offline-first alternatives to existing digital communications have gained attention alongside increased calls to action around the current state of the internet. As new technologies that delegate decision-making and action away from a central authority, these alternatives seek to redistribute power within online communities and radically rethink networks. My dissertation focuses on a selection of decentralization projects in order to understand the potentials for social transformation that value-driven design practices hold. Further, my research provides a rich account of the networked contingency this present wave of decentralization arises out of, along with tracing the way the concept operates as a sense-making frame for those building and using these new infrastructures.}, 
abstract = {The rise of biometric security changes how users make decisions about their privacy. As passwords give way to faces and fingerprints, the algorithmic nature of these processes creates new cognitive labor for users. When biometrics are used in spaces of algorithmic management, workers must negotiate tradeoffs between security, privacy, fairness, and their livelihood. A mixed-methods, human-centered research design paired with theory frameworks from algorithmic management, usable security, and algorithmic fairness illuminates how workers navigate facial recognition at the level of local practice. As AI/ML technologies for management and security become increasingly interwoven, the implications of this research are significant.}, 
abstract = {Software bots are applications that are integrated into human communication channels, serving as an interface between users and other tools. Due to their focus on task automation, bots have become particularly relevant for Open Source Software (OSS) projects hosted on GitHub. While bots are adopted to save developers' costs, time, and effort, the interaction of these bots can be disruptive to the community. My research goal is two-fold: (i) identify problems caused by bots that interact in pull requests, and (ii) help bot designers to enhance existing bots, thereby improving the partnership with contributors and maintainers. Toward this end, we are interviewing developers to understand what are the problems on the human-bot interaction and how they affect human collaboration. Afterwards, we will employ Design Fiction to capture the developers' vision of bots' capabilities, in order to define guidelines for the design of bots on social coding platforms, and derive requirements for a meta-bot to deal with the problems. This work contributes more broadly to the design and use of software bots to enhance developers' collaboration and interaction.}, 
abstract = {Social conformity is a widespread social phenomenon, where individuals change their personal opinions and behaviour to agree with an opposing majority's expectations. While conformity has been extensively studied in face-to-face groups, its dynamics in online groups is yet to be understood. While literature notes both positive (e.g., sense of belonging) and negative (e.g., undue pressure) implications of online social conformity, it is unclear how online group settings can be designed accounting for conformity effects to facilitate positive group interactions. Thus, this research has three main contributions. First, I aim to thoroughly investigate the effects of contextual and personal determinants of face-to-face conformity in online settings. Second, I will explore the impact of social presence and gender, which may manifest differently in online settings in comparison to face-to-face groups. I then aim to present a set of empirically validated design guidelines to inform the design of healthy online communities, accounting for both positive and negative implications of social conformity.}, 
abstract = {An ongoing challenge within CSCW research communities is understanding research ethics? norms and expectations as our methods and technologies evolve. This panel provides an annual opportunity to interface with SIGCHI's research ethics committee, which advises SIGCHI reviewers on changing norms in HCI and social computing research ethics. Although the panel is open to questions about research ethics and the broad work of the committee, this year, we will have a particular focus on research power and voice}, 
abstract = {Harmful data practices produce and perpetuate structural inequities that are compounded by the intersections of one's gender, race, ethnicity, class, sexuality, ability, and citizenship. This panel mobilizes 'critical refusal' as an organizing principle and lens for examining interlocking struggles across data domains, contexts, practices and cultures within CSCW and social computing research.}, 
abstract = {The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved the first digital pill in the United States. Digital medicine technology carries potential to improve public health, however, it might raise questions about privacy and coercion. There is a dearth in existing literature to understand users' perceptions of digital medicine. We addressed this gap in our work. In particular, we conducted semi-structured interview with 15 participants in the USA to gain insights into their perceived benefits and concerns about using digital pill, preferences to share information with others, and their preferred modes of learning about the privacy notice before using digital medicine. This preliminary study shows promise for the CSCW community to conduct further research on this emerging technology.}, 
abstract = {COVID-19 has been detrimental to small businesses like independent theaters that exist to engage with the public offline. Independent theaters across the US have temporarily closed their doors and turned to various technologies to increase their virtual presence and (re)connect with their communities online. We present an investigation into theaters' strategies of 1) attracting existing patrons, 2) encouraging commitment, and 3) fostering contribution in an unforeseen public health crisis where face-to-face interactions are no longer possible. Our results suggest that emphasizing shared identity and relying on technologies to facilitate new forms of interactions that were not available offline are critical to the migration of offline community to online settings.}, 
abstract = {Previous work in CSCW on digital forms of craft pointed to the importance of materialistic, social, collaborative and historical characteristics of the craft. We add to existing research of how digital forms of craft engage with the longstanding traditions and rituals of the craft by introducing a case about the craft patterns from central Anatolia, Turkey. We present a collective ritualistic practice, the dowry making, and the patterns used in dowry to understand the relationship between craft and the dowry pattern as a reflection of those practices. By imagining how the craft patterns and craft-making should transfer to a digital context, we aim to inform how technologies and craft can engage on a level that respects the cultural, traditional, and ritualistic components that comprise the context in which the craft practice is situated. We provide several reflection points on how to avoid being reductionist in applications of technology.}, 
abstract = {Digital patronage refers to the act of singular and sustained financial support to a content creator as a form of appreciation for their work and occurs within unique sociotechnical systems that support financial exchange in addition to creative expression. In this paper, we present a competitive analysis of five patronage platforms-- Twitch.tv, YouTube, Patreon, Facebook, and OnlyFans. We describe the financial ecosystems of the five platforms and the perk systems embedded in each of the systems that incentivizes patrons to give support. Digital patronage represents an emerging form of sociotechnical practice that offers an alternative to advertisement-driven business models.}, 
abstract = {The grandchild-grandparent relationship faces unique challenges among international students. We developed the Grandtotem, which functions as a focal point for family ritual, a photo frame, and a relationship media album. Research with international student grandchildren helped to identify three dimensions along which their relationships with grandparents must adapt: (1) technology, (2) physical barriers, and (3) changing roles. Initial design feedback suggests that the Grandtotem is a promising tool for strengthening the social fabric during a difficult time of cultural transition.}, 
abstract = {Storytelling which is a productive intimate parent-child interaction activity can promote children's emotional management, social competence, and cognitive ability. Joint media engagement (JME) provides digital interaction and becomes a convenient tool for storytelling. However, the interaction between users via JME can be unnatural and unintuitive because of the drawbacks due to the one-sided human-machine interface, continual attention, and tedious work in story planning for characters. To tackle the drawbacks, we propose a parallel interaction storytelling system that uses co-located story enactment experience and object-oriented characters. Our system enables users to enhance parallel interaction in a virtual collaboration environment for storytelling. They can interactively construct stories and manipulate characters in an intuitive manner. An initial testing of the system shows a popular adaptation for parents and their children.}, 
abstract = {Many companies are focusing on remote working since the Covid-19 pandemic. One difference between remote working environment and face-to-face setting is the absence of natural awareness, which promotes social interaction and helps coordination of work flow. To maintain the benefits of awareness in a remote working environment, it is important to first understand which information remote workers disclose and need for awareness. In this paper, we aim to investigate which information is disclosed and needed, and provide insights to mitigate the difference between the two. We conducted a case study with an actual workgroup of a university laboratory for a week. They disclosed and accessed each other's status information while working remotely. Then, a semi-structured interview asked why certain information was disclosed or accessed. Our results provide understanding over information sharing between remote workers for awareness in a post-pandemic world.}, 
abstract = {Children in the UK start learning to read and write using the phonics method, which teaches them how to link sounds (phonemes) with their written representation (graphemes). However, it is a difficult skill which takes a long time to master. To address this, our research begins to explore how a multisensory toolkit could aid phonics learning and support engagement in the process. In this exploratory study, we use variants of the bouba/kiki stimuli, which have been shown to have pre-existing shape, colour and scent mappings, and explore how they could be applied to phonics learning. We presented a first prototype to four children in order to gain initial insights of their experiences of using multisensory tangible models for phonics, as well as the types of sensory associations and interactions that could be further explored.}, 
abstract = {Quora is a fast growing crowdsourced Q/A site that also creates online social networks and community practices among the users. Operating in several regional languages, it catalyzes more contextual discussions on local incidents and issues. To understand how language-specific social communities conduct Q/A-based discussions on online forums, we need to study Quora platform. As the first step to that, we need a data collection API. We introduce quoras, a Python API for collecting data from Quora. The API relies on Selenium, which is an open-source cross platform web automation framework. The API operates by creating custom HTTPS requests to Quora and parsing responses from it. It has the ability to perform many types of advanced searches that are otherwise only available on the Quora website, and not through any other existing APIs. The quoras API is released under an open-source MIT license and available along with the full API reference on GitHub. The latest stable release is also available on Python Package Index (PyPI).}, 
abstract = {In today's Anthropocene era, human-and-climate induced sustainability challenges threaten the livelihood of vulnerable communities across the planet. To mitigate the risks of sustainability threats, data-and-theory driven scientific models, artistic practices, and environment designs play a critical role. However, these methods alone fail to reach a broader audience and translate into public discourse for participatory collective action. In this paper, we present Beyond Boundaries, a renaissance that re-envisions the relationship between ecological arts and computational thinking to contextualize threats to sustainability at regional and global scales. We establish an integrated framework combining Earth remote sensing satellite time-series, half a decade of ecological arts, and a public exhibition to curate the symbiotic relationship between arts and science. Beyond Boundaries sheds new light on how synergistic associations among disciplines can inspire scientific inquiry, artistic imaginations, and civic engagement-and-discourse for sustainability.}, 
abstract = {Live streaming is an increasingly popular communication medium that allows real-time interaction among a broadcaster and an audience of any size. Using archived YouTube live video transcripts and associated live chat messages, we find evidence for emotional contagion in live streams: sentiment in live video oral transcripts and viewers? text chat is associated with the sentiment in subsequent viewers? comments. This relationship is stronger between viewers? chat messages and the subsequent chat than between the oral messages in the video and the subsequent chat. However, in some types of live streams, negative sentiment in the live video is followed by less negative chat. We conclude with a discussion of future research and potential uses of the dataset.}, 
abstract = {In recent years, with growing concerns of making predictive policing less-biased and less-risky, the HCI and CSCW research communities have focused on designing more explainable and accountable algorithms in the criminal justice system. In this extended abstract, we present a preliminary, qualitative analysis of the perceptions of people with different backgrounds (n=60) from Milwaukee, USA on algorithmic crime mapping. Our initial results suggest the need for algorithmic interaction and the database transparency of the system. Taken these suggestions together will inspire to design an explainable crime mapping algorithms that pay attention to the values and needs of law enforcement and common peoples.}, 
abstract = {Facilitation, or the craft of using specific tools, methods, and practices to influence the way groups gather and converse as they strive for a desired goal, requires the nuanced craft of a facilitator to guide multidimensional, complex conversations. In recent years, facilitators have adapted their craft to online contexts. However, online communication platforms are not designed with the unique needs of complex dialogue or knowledge of facilitators in mind, creating friction in complex online conversations. This poster is an early-stage exploration and evaluation of an online synchronous audio conversation platform, Keeper, designed and informed by facilitation practices to aid complex conversations online. In this paper, we define three initial goals of the platform: 1) set the tone for the conversation, 2) ease the flow of these online conversations, and 3) improve social presence online. After an initial controlled study with 107 participants across 30 conversations, we observe that tone and ease of synchronous conversations could be improved with the introduction of this tool, and patterns that suggest strong social presence in the tool.}, 
abstract = {We conducted narrative semi-structured interviews with three stakeholders to understand how people collaborate around accessibility in the workplace. We describe existing challenges that employers and disabled employees encounter in the workplace and the processes they use to co-create access.}, 
abstract = {Social media platforms use community guidelines to enact governance and moderate content, but the limitation in their moderation capacity forces them to choose the types of misbehavior they focus more on. In this work, we analyze these choices through a content analysis of the community guidelines of 11 major social media platforms. We find 66 different types of rules across their community guidelines, with great variability in the coverage of these rules across different platforms. Our research reveals the types of misbehavior that platforms chose to focus on, and motivates further inquiries into policymaking and content moderation in specific problem areas such as inciting violence and voter suppression.}, 
abstract = {A stress check for early detection and caring of mental health issues of company employees has been legislated in Japan. However, the employees who get counseling are very limited compared to those who are recommended to. As the government tries to promote self-care of the issue, and there are applications for mental well-being on the market, such applications often face with the issue of continuous use. In this paper, we presented a self-guided mental healthcare system that includes a chatbot, and compared it with a non-chatbot version in a two-week study. We found the system was effective on continuous use and on stress reduction.}, 
abstract = {Sustaining engagement in volunteering opportunities is important for older adults to maintain an active lifestyle. We conducted an observation and interview study with older adults who volunteer in a water monitoring group to investigate the role of sustained volunteering participation on healthy aging. Our findings suggest sustained engagement is influenced by role choice and role change over time. We found that supporting older adults as they age through these two factors allowed them to actively contribute to their health and well-being for many years. We suggest taking participation roles into consideration when designing technologies that promote older adult's health and well-being.}, 
abstract = {As robots engage more in society in various forms, it is important to understand the public perception of robots. In this poster, we focus on a campus-centric subreddit to explore online discourse about delivery robots on university campus. We specifically identify how people share their experiences with robots and how people perceive robots in society by analyzing Reddit posts. In so doing, we raise existing concerns about the robots which give insights into acceptance and sociability in human-robot interaction.}, 
abstract = {Many couples report sharing digital accounts for convenience even though this puts their privacy and security at risk. In order to design for couples' secured information sharing needs, we need to look at their day-to-day account sharing behaviors in context. We conducted a 30-day diary study of daily account sharing behaviors with 14 participants currently in a romantic relationship. We analyzed 382 diary entries and 529 sharing stories to understand couples' everyday sharing behaviors. Our study also coincided with the COVID-19 pandemic, allowing us to discover new sharing behaviors and account uses in quarantine.}, 
abstract = {Primary and secondary education is a crucial stage to build a strong foundation before diving deep into specialised subjects in colleges and universities. To excel in the current education system, students are required to have a deep understanding of knowledge according to standardized curriculums and syllabus, and exam-related problem solving skills. In current school settings, this learning normally occurs in large classes of 30-40 students per class. Such a "one size fits all'' approach may not be effective, as different students proceed on their learning in different ways and pace. To address this problem, we propose the Self-Evolving Adaptive Learning (SEAL) system for personalized education at scale.}, 
abstract = {In today's job market, occupational data mining and analysis is growing in importance as it enables companies to predict employee turnover, model career trajectories, screen through resumes and perform other human resource tasks. As such, there has been growing interest in utilizing occupational data mining and analysis, and a key requirement to facilitate these tasks is the need for an occupation-related dataset. However, most research use proprietary datasets or do not make their dataset publicly available, thus impeding development in this area. To solve this issue, we present the Industrial and Professional Occupation Dataset (IPOD), which comprises 475,073 job titles belonging to 192,295 Linkedin users. In addition to making IPOD publicly available, we also: (i) manually annotate each job title with its associated level of seniority, domain of work and location; and (ii) provide embedding for job titles and discuss various use cases. This dataset is publicly available at https://github.com/junhua/ipod.}, 
abstract = {During life transitions, people sometimes turn to social media audiences separate from their typical online networks. By qualitatively analyzing open-ended data from a U.S.-based survey (N= 775), we examined why and how people discuss life transitions with these separate audiences. Survey questions asked about life events experienced, separate networks and the interactions that occurred there, and participants' reasoning behind these online behaviors. We found that people use separate networks, especially online support groups, to interact with others anonymously, receive informational and emotional support, and have direct and focused discussions with people with similar experiences.}, 
abstract = {Exploring accessible remote design methods has become the need of the hour for supporting participation in research and collaborative design with individuals with dementia. Existing remote design approaches face specific challenges when facilitating best practices for co-design with participants with dementia. These challenges include, enabling sensory engagement with physical design materials and prototypes and observing these interactions in a natural manner. We present a system architecture and use cases for a portable system with a range of connected devices that support real-time, embodied design activities with individuals with dementia.}, 
abstract = {Colloquial, slang and transliterated words in Hindi ofen lack standardised spellings and hence pose a challenge in spelling correction using existing language resources. We propose the design of a crowd- based game that relies on knowledge of native Hindi speakers to determine spellings of colloquial words taken from a dataset of conversationally typed words.}, 
abstract = {This design fiction presents a Hormonal Tracking System (HORTS) that helps to gather, in groups of explorers, highly effective individuals, and control the mental health of those involved in colonizing Mars. We build our future world based on the mass adoption of wearable sensors, in algorithms to create matches and diffusion of surveillance methods. We establish a parallel with the surveillance methods current, increasingly widespread among the population, and with the existing intrusive techniques various environments. This raises questions about the panoptic surveillance to which participants are submitted and the meaning of individuality and privacy in these settings.}, 
abstract = {There is a growing scholarly recognition of the experiences and diversity of gender and sexual orientations beyond hetero-normative identities [4, 6] in research; however, they ultimately categorize gender and sexuality through a strictly Western lens [1, 4]. This paper tries to add to this conversation and understand overall online participation and self-presentation behaviors of queer populations from a non-Western perspective, like Hijra from Bangladesh, who are a severely stigmatized third gender community in South Asia, through the lens of personal social media ecosystem using focus group discussions and semi-structured interviews of n=61 participants. The initial results indicate that Hijra's social media participation and self-presentation are influenced by their distinct audience related concerns and perceived affordances, which intersect with the technical skill-set they require.}, 
abstract = {Posing questions promotes a higher level of thinking to students as they tried to pose questions in which the answer can be found in the learning material. Researchers reported that students are having difficulties to generate high-level questions. Using between-subject experiment with off-the-self online application with three different treatment, in this study we explored on how students can create high-level question through collaborative refinement in an online setting. We proposed an online method using off-the-shelf tools provided in the Internet, for students to collaboratively posing and refining questions based on a lecture video they have watched before.}, 
abstract = {Group chat allows multiple people in a remote setup to collaborate. As there can be many participants in a single chat conversation, it may be difficult for members of a group to keep up and stay grounded during the long stream of conversation generated by the participants. We conducted a need-finding study where we asked participants to work on various collaborative tasks in real-time chat software to learn about issues and behavioral patterns in a group chat conversation at a scale of five to ten people. We present the challenges in keeping up with messages, wasting effort due to a lack of cotemporality, and how challenges vary with the nature of collaborative tasks. We suggest a few design interventions that can address these challenges in chat software through temporal and spatial design changes.}, 
abstract = {This study performs an initial exploration of cultural differences in social media disclosure behaviors. We focus on what U.S. and India users disclose about interpersonal relationships on Twitter, a popular social networking platform that has gained enormous traction outside the U.S. We developed a taxonomy of words representing interpersonal relationships and then collected all tweets containing these words (~4.5 million tweets) uploaded from India and the U.S. over a one-month period of time. We found that Indian tweets about others tend to be statistically significantly more positive and uncover differences in how they tweet about various relationships (family, friends, others) in comparison to U.S. users. Drawing on theories of collectivism and individualism, we discuss how different cultural attitudes may explain these behaviors. We present implications for research and for designing to support cultural norms.}, 
abstract = {Factors such as instructions, payment schemes, platform demographics, along with strategies for mapping studies into crowdsourcing environments, play an important role in the reproducibility of results. However, inferring these details from scientific articles is often a challenging endeavor, calling for the development of proper reporting guidelines. This paper makes the first steps towards this goal, by describing an initial taxonomy of relevant attributes for crowdsourcing experiments, and providing a glimpse into the state of reporting by analyzing a sample of CSCW papers.}, 
abstract = {Government agencies are increasingly looking towards algorithmic decision-making systems as a means to reduce costs and optimize processes. However, these algorithms are being constructed in an opaque and isolated manner with calls to adopt a more participatory approach such that stakeholders become co-designers in the process. We share our experiences from conducting participatory design to improve algorithms in the Child-Welfare System. We discuss a policy-mandated algorithm and an agency-level theory-driven algorithm to show how tensions arise when the values of workers are not embedded in the design of an algorithm.}, 
abstract = {Software programming is increasingly becoming a community-driven effort, with online discussion channels becoming vital resources for learning and knowledge sharing. This study explores differences in the discourse patterns of two popular online programming communities (Stack Overflow and r/Askprogramming) to provide preliminary insights into the type of learning practices these collectives support and scaffold. A three-step content analysis framework that investigates a sample of 8639 and 6126 contributions from Stack Overflow and r/Askprogramming respectively is presented. Preliminary results indicate that differences emerge in the scope of topics and the nature of responses the communities provide. While Stack Overflow is more task-specific, r/Askprogramming supports a greater sense of bonding and camaraderie among community members in addition to task-specific discussions. These results provide insights into the type of practices these communities support, which can be essential in considering how online communities that support learning activities should be designed.}, 
abstract = {Diabetic eye diseases, especially Diabetic Retinopathy, are the leading cause of vision loss worldwide and can be prevented by early diagnosis through annual retinal screening. Various socio-cultural factors, such as cost, healthcare disparities, cultural limitations, etc. are the foremost barriers against regular screening in minority communities. Retinal-screenings arranged in community settings with native-speaking staffs can facilitate regular check-ups and overcome language barriers of underprivileged communities compared to conventional clinical settings. As part of our study, we surveyed 400 participants to assess the acceptance of community-based screening methods among community participants. In addition to very positive responses about this screening approach's diverse perspectives, we found that having native-speaking staff at screening events can help overcome language barriers. Moreover, integrating multilingual support in the electronic health record software to assist the native-speaking staff is a significant factor in designing such systems.}, 
abstract = {Conflicts between communities in social-networking sites can degrade quality of communication and discourage participation, so understanding conflict dynamics can aid community management. However, studying inter-community conflict is challenging due to the open-ended nature of communication between communities. We study r/place, a 3-day pseudo-experiment on Reddit that provides an opportunity to observe inter-community conflict in a zero-sum environment. We quantify conflicts on r/place, identifying users and communities involved. We find that conflicts on r/place involve multiple communities on both the winning and losing side, and that communities get involved in conflicts due to geographic proximity on the canvas and due to existing political or cultural conflicts. Examining conflict winners reveals that total number of users is more important than highly-active users. Our results have implications for mitigating negative inter-community conflict on social-networking sites.}, 
abstract = {This paper aims to explore practices and motivations associated with do-it-yourself (DIY) in people from low socio-economic status (SES) backgrounds. We carried out contextual interviews with nine individuals who were involved in a wide range of making activities. Our findings showed that DIY processes were centered around improving our participants? existing living conditions and were manifested through two main motivations: sustainable and economical living; and social and community wellbeing. We contribute to the CSCW research in two ways. First, we provide a nuanced view on DIY involving a group of economically struggling individuals that is not well aligned with the traditional narratives. Second, we highlight the societal and economic factors that influenced the specific types of DIY activities that helped improve their existing lives.}, 
abstract = {Online health communities are designed to help their users acquire social support, but developing self-sustaining communities capable of providing that support requires long-term user retention. Therefore, understanding the factors early in a user's experience that predict their long-term retention is important. In this study, we explore the impact of short-term visitor engagement on long-term user retention. We study users of CaringBridge.org, an online health community for communicating about health journeys, using survival analysis methods to quantify the impact of engagement on retention. First, we explicitly compare the impact of non-text "likes'' to text comments, surprisingly finding that likes exceed comments in their impact on retention for some users. Second, we compare less active and more active users in their response to visitor engagement, finding that more active users are less affected by short-term visitor engagement. We discuss the implications of our findings for the design of OHCs and for future work on visitor engagement.}, 
abstract = {Individuals with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) often face difficulties creating and maintaining social connections with others, which has been shown to negatively affect their well-being. Some researchers have investigated whether social media use can lead to social benefits, but with mixed results. To better understand how social media use can be beneficial and what challenges it poses, we conducted an interview study with eight adults on the Autism Spectrum. We report on the perceived benefits and real challenges participants faced when trying to engage with others through social media. Often the benefits users hope for are overshadowed by negative ramifications and safety risks that accompany their social media use. We conclude with recommendations for designing social media for neurodiverse users.}, 
abstract = {Geriatric depression (GD) entails unique challenges that result from the complex interplay of issues specific to either the aging or depressed, such as cognitive error and health anxiety. We conducted an interview study to assess issues encountered by depressed older adults in communication and perception of their conditions, and explore how personal tracking could mitigate such issues. Our results identify how patients? behavior and communication of their condition with others are impacted by their biases, informing how GD-specialized monitoring can be designed to facilitate recovery.}, 
abstract = {In this paper, we explore "apart" behaviors, which are conducted to disconnect with ex-partners using various technological affordances on social media, to extend CSCW/HCI knowledge of how social media supports disconnections in post-breakups. 174 posts and comments from Reddit, Quora, and Facebook, along with sixteen online articles, were qualitatively analyzed. Our findings show how users conduct apart behaviors using technological affordances and their expectations of features to facilitate apart behaviors. We also present two social dilemmas in experiencing apart behaviors on social media.}, 
abstract = {CSCW, like many other academic communities, is reckoning with its roles, responsibilities, and practices amidst 2020's multiple pandemics of COVID-19, anti-Black racism, and a global economic crisis. Reviewing our work with data and communities demands we address harms from overexposure caused by surveillance or algorithmic bias and from underexposure caused by design that is insufficiently participatory and equitable. This workshop will elicit narratives of good and bad design and data work with communities, apply the lenses of equitable participatory design and data feminism to current CSCW projects and our global context, and develop practical outputs for supporting academics and practitioners in pursuit of democratic and just partnerships.}, 
abstract = {From tweeting, to blogging, to engagement with the media, scholars in CSCW engage in a variety of forms of public scholarship. Public scholarship can result in positive outcomes, such as community engagement, accessible research, and self-promotion. Further, public scholarship can support ethical research as a way to (1) reconnect with participants after data collection; and (2) increase the societal benefit of the research. However, despite these benefits there are also challenges and risks associated with engaging in public scholarship, particularly for early career researchers and those who are marginalized. This workshop will bring together those who already engage or are interested in this practice to discuss how to integrate public scholarship in our work, identify best practices for this type of work in the context of CSCW, including the ethical implications of outreach, and develop strategies to effectively support those most affected by the potential risks.}, 
abstract = {As augmented reality (AR) technologies become more pervasive, there is a growing interest in Social AR systems designed to support face to face interactions with collocated others. Prior research on AR often focuses on the technical aspects of the technology. However, at this early juncture, it is crucial to reflect and discuss the ethical, political, societal, and privacy implications of Social AR. This workshop aims to bring together industry practitioners and academic researchers to discuss the opportunities and challenges of social AR: from platforms to content creation, to self-representation. We aim to use a design fiction approach where workshop participants create speculative scenarios that interrogate the values imbued into Social AR. Based on these discussions, we will put together a set of initial recommendations for designers of Social AR technologies.}, 
abstract = {Data science provides powerful tools and methods. CSCW researchers have contributed insightfulstudies of conventional work-practices in data science - and particularly machine learning. However,recent research has shown that human skills and collaborative decision-making, play important rolesin defining data, acquiring data, curating data, designing data, and creating data. This workshopgathers researchers and practitioners together to take a collective and critical look at data sciencework-practices, and at how those work-practices make crucial and often invisible impacts on theformal work of data science. When we understand the human and social contributions to data sciencepipelines, we can constructively redesign both work and technologies for new insights, theories, andchallenges.}, 
abstract = {The interest in sharing the Data-Information-Knowledge-Wisdom (DIKW) continuum has been amplified by the latest multi-scale social changes including but not limited to pandemics, economic crises, climate change, and racial issues. This workshop aims to inspire research and discussion on measuring sharing of the DIKW continuum, including through computer-mediated methods, represented by its ontologies. The implied suggestion is that there are ways to improve human adaptation by social technologies that enable rapidly finding solutions for complex global situations. We therefore invite research on (1) ontologies as a medium that enables comparing and measuring the DIKW continuum, (2) ontologies and their convergence or divergence with the values that motivate and determine DIKW sharing, (3) properties and dynamics of ontologies shared via social technologies in their relation to human adaptation.}, 
abstract = {This virtual workshop seeks to bring together the burgeoning communities centred on the design, development, application, and study of so-called Conversational User Interfaces (CUIs). CUIs are used in myriad contexts, from online support chatbots through to entertainment devices in the home. In this workshop, we will examine the challenges involved in transforming CUIs into everyday computing devices capable of supporting collaborative activities across space and time. Additionally, this workshop seeks to establish a cohesive CUI community and research agenda within CSCW. We will examine the roles in which CSCW research can contribute insights into understanding how CUIs are or can be used in a variety of settings, from public to private, and how they can be brought into a potentially unlimited number of tasks. This proposed workshop will bring together researchers from academia and practitioners from industry to survey the state-of-the-art in terms of CUI design, use, and understanding, and will map new areas for work including addressing the technical, social, and ethical challenges that lay ahead. By bringing together existing researchers and new ideas in this space, we intend to foster a strong community and enable potential future collaborations.}, 
abstract = {This one-day workshop invites discussion on the various socio-technical processes and dynamics that characterize scale and scaling in local, community-sited initiatives. Seeking to move beyond a view of scale as mere growth in numbers and a matter of technology-mediated replication, the workshop aims at developing a nuanced vocabulary to talk about various forms of scale and practices of scaling in CSCW research. It will bring together interdisciplinary scholars, activists, practitioners and representatives of the public sector who wish to question and further develop the notion of scale generally associated with processes of upscaling. The workshop provides a forum to discuss:i) concepts, theories and empirical cases that broaden our view of what constitutes scale; andii) the implications for CSCW research in assessing the long-term impact and sustenance of socio-technical innovations. The workshop will accommodate up to twenty participants and will be run virtually.}, 
abstract = {The CSCW community has long discussed the ethics and politics of sociotechnical systems and how they become embedded in society and public policy. In light of the Black Lives Matter protests and Hong Kong protests, technologies such as facial recognition and contact tracing have re-invigorated conversations about the ethical and social responsibility of tech corporations, tech workers, and academics in science and technology. The goal of this workshop is to move beyond a call for the usual suspects of participatory design and human-centered design by committing to concrete steps to transform society through advocacy and activism.}, 
abstract = {Recent public discussions about technologies and social values have called for greater consideration of ethics during technology development and deployment, leading many organizations to create and promote compliance- or checklist-oriented toolkits and frameworks to address values and ethical issues. However, surfacing discussion and consideration of ethics in broader, more open-ended ways during the design process may help surface unique needs, social corner cases, or new or different understandings of values and ethics. This one-day workshop will convene CSCW researchers and practitioners to propose and consider new interventions and approaches to ethics in design that go beyond formal checklist- and compliance-oriented approaches. CSCW's rich set of methods when investigating values and ethics provides a starting point for developing new approaches and interventions. These may potentially include design activities, games and roleplaying, critical making, changes to work practice and organizational structure, or conducting empirical research. Our goal is to explore multiple and alternative forms of values and ethics interventions, rather than coming to a particular 'best' approach. This workshop aims to map out a space of interventions for values and ethics, propose new approaches and interventions, and craft an agenda for experimenting with and evaluating new interventions.}, 
abstract = {As spaces for learning about Computer-Supported Collaborative Work (CSCW) research and practice (e.g., university classes, academic and industry labs, conferences) become more diverse, there is a pressing need to revise the universal collaborative and pedagogical structures supporting them. Specifically, it has become urgent to explore how to 'de-center' dominant assumptions about who learns in these environments. The goal of this workshop is to explore collectively how to craft learning spaces that resist universality by recognizing and valuing other perspectives and realities. We build on the scholarship of decolonial thinkers, which provides useful theoretical scaffolding on how to start working towards inclusivity and 'pluriversality'. That is, learning spaces where all views can co-exist as equally valid, albeit contradicting. Our workshop will be led by researchers and designers who have both guided and participated in academic and industry-based CSCW learning spaces across domains like Social Computing, Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), Information and Communication Technologies for Development (ICTD), Critical Data Studies, and Participatory Design (PD). We invite a broad range of participants from research and practice interested in learning about or deepening their understanding of how to make of CSCW a more 'pluriversal' site for learning and practicing.}, 
abstract = {Guided by a human-centered design focus on users' needs, Computer-Supported Collaborative Work (CSCW) research and practice have increasingly explored how to address the multiple inequities affecting historically marginalized groups. A growing body of CSCW and Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) research, building upon education and community development literature, argues that centering on needs dismisses marginalized users' capacity for driving change. Needs-based views often lead to designs for the "here and now,'' further marginalizing populations and perpetuating stereotypes. In contrast, an assets-based approach that puts users' knowledge, strengths, and capacities---textitassets ---at the core of design can better promote sustained impact. Translating assets into meaningful designs that interact with intersecting systems of oppression, however, raises critical questions:What are assets? Whose assets are privileged? What ethical considerations surface when facilitating assets-based reflections? How can an assets-based design tackle systems-level problems? In this workshop, we will bring together researchers and industry actors to explore the implications of assets-based perspectives across domains, including Education, Information and Communication Technologies and Development (ICTD), and Participatory Design (PD). Specifically, we will work to develop guidelines and methodologies for CSCW researchers and designers to identify when and how to pursue an assets-based approach, navigating issues of power to translate assets into design effectively.}, 
abstract = {Over the last years, civic technology projects have emerged around the world to advance open government and community action. Although Computer-Supported Cooperative Work (CSCW) and Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) communities have shown a growing interest in researching issues around civic technologies, yet most research still focuses on projects from the Global North. The goal of this workshop is, therefore, to advance CSCW research by raising awareness for the ongoing challenges and open questions around civic technology by bridging the gap between researchers and practitioners from different regions.The workshop will be organized around three central topics: (1) discuss how the local context and infrastructure affect the design, implementation, adoption, and maintenance of civic technology; (2) identify key elements of the configuration of trust among government, citizenry, and local organizations and how these elements change depending on the sociopolitical context where community engagement takes place; (3) discover what methods and strategies are best suited for conducting research on civic technologies in different contexts. These core topics will be covered across sessions that will initiate in-depth discussions and, thereby, stimulate collaboration between the CSCW research community and practitioners of civic technologies from both Global North and South.}, 
